#########################################################################
# Characters
#########################################################################
recruit_character = GER_Hermann_Goring
recruit_character = GER_Adolf_Hitler
recruit_character = GER_Paul_von_Hindenburg
recruit_character = GER_Otto_Wels
recruit_character = GER_Otto_Ruhle
recruit_character = GER_Reichstag
recruit_character = GER_Gregor_Strasser
recruit_character = GER_Rudolf_Hess
recruit_character = GER_Hans_Heinrich_Lammers
recruit_character = GER_Martin_Bormann
recruit_character = GER_Joseph_Goebbels
recruit_character = GER_Heinrich_Himmler
recruit_character = GER_Albert_Speer
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_von_Schleicher
recruit_character = GER_Alfred_Hugenberg
recruit_character = GER_Franz_von_Papen
recruit_character = GER_Carl_Friedrich_Goerdeler
recruit_character = GER_Lutz_von_Schwerin_Krosigk
recruit_character = GER_Konrad_Adenauer
recruit_character = GER_Ernst_Thalmann
recruit_character = GER_Ernst_Toller
recruit_character = GER_Joachim_von_Ribbentrop
recruit_character = GER_Alfred_Rosenberg
recruit_character = GER_Arthur_SeyssInquart
recruit_character = GER_Konstantin_von_Neurath
recruit_character = GER_FriedrichWerner_von_der_Schulenberg
recruit_character = GER_Theodor_Heuss
recruit_character = GER_Reinhard_Heydrich
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_Frick
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_Daluege
recruit_character = GER_Viktor_Lutze
recruit_character = GER_Paul_Giesler
recruit_character = GER_Karl_Hanke
recruit_character = GER_Arthur_Nebe
recruit_character = GER_Walter_Schellenberg
recruit_character = GER_Ernst_Trendelenburg
recruit_character = GER_Franz_Bracht
recruit_character = GER_Rudolf_Diels
recruit_character = GER_Heinrich_Muller
recruit_character = GER_Henning_von_Tresckow
recruit_character = GER_Karl_Arnold
recruit_character = GER_Gustav_Heinemann
recruit_character = GER_Ludwig_Renn
recruit_character = GER_Julius_Leber
recruit_character = GER_Werner_von_Blomberg
recruit_character = GER_Walther_Wever
recruit_character = GER_Robert_Ley
recruit_character = GER_Walther_Funk
recruit_character = GER_Fritz_Sauckel
recruit_character = GER_Oswald_Pohl
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_Schmitt
recruit_character = GER_Karl_Otto_Saur
recruit_character = GER_Fritz_Todt
recruit_character = GER_Alfried_Krupp
recruit_character = GER_Franz_Xaver_Dorsch
recruit_character = GER_Fritz_Thyssen
recruit_character = GER_Hjalmar_Schacht
recruit_character = GER_Gustav_Krupp
recruit_character = GER_Paul_Lejeune_Jung
recruit_character = GER_Karl_Krauch
recruit_character = GER_Georg_Thomas
recruit_character = GER_Johannes_Popitz
recruit_character = GER_Fritz_Schaffer
recruit_character = GER_Ludwig_Erhard
recruit_character = GER_Albert_Kuntz
recruit_character = GER_Willie_Munzenberg
recruit_character = GER_Ernst_Kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = GER_HansGeorg_von_Friedeburg
recruit_character = GER_Konrad_Patzig
recruit_character = GER_Hans_Oster
recruit_character = GER_Georg_Hansen
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_Canaris
recruit_character = GER_Ernst_Rohm
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_Keitel
recruit_character = GER_Alfred_Jodl
recruit_character = GER_Ernst_Busch
recruit_character = GER_Gerd_von_Rundstedt
recruit_character = GER_Erich_von_Manstein
recruit_character = GER_Erwin_Rommel
recruit_character = GER_Hans_Speidel
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_von_Hammerstein_Equord
recruit_character = GER_Ludwig_Beck
recruit_character = GER_Franz_Halder
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_Zeitzler
recruit_character = GER_Heinz_Guderian
recruit_character = GER_Ferdinand_Schorner
recruit_character = GER_Walther_von_Brauchitsch
recruit_character = GER_Fedor_von_Bock
recruit_character = GER_Werner_von_Fritsch
recruit_character = GER_Gunther_von_Kluge
recruit_character = GER_Erwin_von_Witzleben
recruit_character = GER_Hans_von_Seeckt
recruit_character = GER_Hans_Kahle
recruit_character = GER_Erich_Raeder
recruit_character = GER_Karl_Donitz
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_Marschall
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_Freiwald
recruit_character = GER_Alfred_Saalwachter
recruit_character = GER_Reinhard_Scheer
recruit_character = GER_Conrad_Albrecht
recruit_character = GER_Walter_Warzecha
recruit_character = GER_Hugo_Sperrle
recruit_character = GER_Robert_Ritter_von_Greim
recruit_character = GER_Hans_Jurgen_Stumpff
recruit_character = GER_Eberhard_Milch
recruit_character = GER_Albert_Kesselring
recruit_character = GER_Hans_Ulrich_Rudel
recruit_character = GER_Adolf_Galland
recruit_character = GER_Erhard_Milch
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_Student
recruit_character = GER_Erich_Bay
recruit_character = GER_Gunther_Lutjens
recruit_character = GER_Viktor_Schutze
recruit_character = GER_Walther_Model
recruit_character = GER_Eugen_Ritter_von_Schobert
recruit_character = GER_Paul_Ludwig_Ewald_von_Kleist
recruit_character = GER_Heinrich_von_Stulpnagel
recruit_character = GER_Friedrich_Paulus
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_List
recruit_character = GER_Helmuth_Weidling
recruit_character = GER_Maximilian_Von_Weichs
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_Ritter_von_Leeb
recruit_character = GER_Georg_Hans_Reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_Walter_Kruger
recruit_character = GER_Hermann_Hoth
recruit_character = GER_Johannes_Blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER_Friedrich_Schulz
recruit_character = GER_Georg_von_Kuchler
recruit_character = GER_Hasso_Von_Manteuffel
recruit_character = GER_Gotthard_Heinrici
recruit_character = GER_Ernst_Eberhard_Hell
recruit_character = GER_Hermann_Boehm
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_III

#########################################################################
# Weimar Republic - 1933
#########################################################################
1933.1.1 = {
	capital = 1057
	set_stability = 0.8
	set_war_support = 0.3
	add_to_variable = {
		money = 70
	}
	oob = ""
	set_research_slots = 4
	set_convoys = 200
	add_to_variable = {
		money = 700
	}
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

		### Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1900 = 1
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1914 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1918 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1905 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1916 = 1
		### Support Units
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		### Artillery Tech
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_Range_Finding_and_Surveying_Tools = 1
		Infantry_Support_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_1916 = 1
		High_Explosive_Shells = 1
		Split_Trail_Carriage = 1
		Motor_Compatible_Carriage = 1
		Optical_Sighting_Mechanism = 1
		### Armour Tech
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1911 = 1
		Armored_Car_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1926 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Super_Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1919 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1926 = 1
		### Air Tech
		Unarmed_Recon_1910 = 1
		Fighter_1914 = 1
		Fighter_1916 = 1
		Fighter_1918 = 1
		Fighter_1924 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1924 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1914 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Attacker_1933 = 1
		#Naval Stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		CV_1916 = 1
		CV_1922 = 1
		transport = 1
		### Industry
		Industrial_Management = 1
		Factory_Electrification = 1
		Facilities_Design = 1
		Moving_Assembly_Line = 1
		Skilled_Workforce = 1
		Dispersed_Industry = 1
		Basic_Construction_Machines = 1
		Novel_Drills = 1
		Contemporary_Construction_Standards = 1
		Advanced_Drilling_Method = 1
		Motorized_Plowing = 1
		Farm_Tractors = 1
		Scientific_Agricultural_Processes = 1
		Mechanized_Agriculture = 1
		Rudimentary_Oil_Refining = 1
		### Land Doctrine Tech
		Twentieth_Century_Warfare = 1
		Leading_by_Task = 1
		Strongpoint = 1
		Mass_Charge = 1
		Static_Defence = 1
		Counterattack = 1
		Schwerpunkt = 1
		Separate_Arms_Force = 1
		Combined_Arms_Effort = 1
		Cross_Branch_Tactical_Experience = 1
		Beyond_Trench_Warfare = 1
		Mobility_Focus = 1
		### Naval Doctrine Tech
		trade_interdiction = 1
		### Engineering
		computing_1 = 1
		computing_2 = 1
		computing_3 = 1
		computing_4 = 1
		decryption_encryption_1 = 1
		decryption_encryption_2 = 1
		### Experimental Research
		rocketry_1 = 1
		rocketry_2 = 1
		nuclear_1 = 1
		### Support Companies
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_1 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_2 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_3 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_1 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_2 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_3 = 1
		tech_amphibious_1 = 1
		tech_amphibious_2 = 1
		tech_amphibious_3 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_recon2 = 1
		tech_recon3 = 1
		tech_recon4 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_military_police2 = 1
		tech_military_police3 = 1
		tech_military_police4 = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_signal_company2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_3 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_logistics_company2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company4 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company4 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1932.11.5"
		election_frequency = 4
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
	#	fascist = 43
#	#	authoritarian = 8
#	#	democratic = 31
		socialist = 2
		communist = 16
	}
	### Positive Christianity
	set_variable = {
		GER_Catholic_Population = 0.4
	}
	set_variable = {
		GER_Protestant_Population = 0.55
	}
	set_variable = {
		GER_Irreligious_Population = 0.02
	}
	set_variable = {
		GER_Positive_Christian_Population = 0.03
	}
	### Training of troops forbidden
	country_lock_all_division_template = yes
	### Great Depression/Unemployment
	add_ideas = generic_unemployment_idea
	set_variable = {
		unemployment_value_modifier = 0.25
	}
	set_variable = {
		current_unemployment = 0.33
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = current_unemployment
		min = 0
		max = 1
	}
	update_unemployment_modifier = yes
	add_ideas = {
		GER_A_State_Within_a_State
		GER_The_Weimar_Era
		GER_Destroyed_German_Spirit
		GER_Treaty_of_Versailles
		GER_Sino_German_Cooperation
		# Laws and Policies
		free_trade
		volunteer_only
		free_market_economy
		civilian_economy
		limited_civil_liberties
		# Spending
		research_spending_level_5
		army_spending_level_4
		# Cabinet
		GER_Kurt_von_Schleicher_HoG
		GER_Konstantin_von_Neurath_FM
		GER_Alfred_Hugenberg_AM
		GER_Franz_Bracht_MoS
		GER_Konrad_Patzig_HoI
		# Military Staff
		GER_Werner_von_Blomberg_CoStaff
		GER_Kurt_von_Hammerstein_Equord_CoArmy
		GER_Erich_Raeder_CoNavy
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = unemployment
		value = 28
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "Abwehr"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_ger"
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = POL
		modifier = GER_POL_Customs_War
	}
	reverse_add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = POL
		modifier = GER_POL_Customs_War
	}
	# Starting off the Reichskanzler Hitler focus normal select_effect
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date < 1933.01.04
		}
		country_event = {
			id = GER_Reichskanzler_Hitler.1
			days = 4			#Jan. 4, 1933
		}
	}
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1936
#########################################################################
1936.1.1 = {
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.3
	oob = ""
	set_research_slots = 4
	set_convoys = 200
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
		GER_SS_VT = 1
		# Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1935 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1935 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		paratroopers = 1
		marines = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		# Artillery Tech
		Split_Trail_Carriage = 1
		Motor_Compatible_Carriage = 1
		Optical_Sighting_Mechanism = 1
		Artillery_1935 = 1
		Anti_Tank_Gun_1935 = 1
		# Air Tech
		Tactical_Bomber_1933 = 1
		# Doctrine Tech
		Armored_Schwerpunkt = 1
		Delay = 1
		Combined_Arms_Offensive = 1
		Elastic_Defense = 1
		formation_flying = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	### German–Polish declaration of non-aggression
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = POL
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	#######################
	# National Focuses
	#######################
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Chancellor_Hitler
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Enabling_Act
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Gleichschaltung
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Kirchenkampf
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Reichskonkordat
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Subdue_the_Lander
	unlock_national_focus = GER_A_One_Party_State
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Officialize_the_Hitler_Youth
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Leave_the_League_of_Nations
	unlock_national_focus = GER_A_Loudspeaker_in_Every_Home
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Reconstruct_the_Reich
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Enact_the_Nuremberg_Laws
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Seek_a_Naval_Agreement_with_Britain
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Renounce_the_Disarmament_Clauses
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Establish_The_Gestapo
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Unternehmen_Kolibri
	unlock_national_focus = GER_SS_VT
	### Economic
	unlock_national_focus = GER_The_Economic_Recovery_Policy
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Issue_MEFO_Bills
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Privatizations_and_Austerity
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Deal_with_IG_Farben
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Reichsautobahn
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Deutsche_Arbeitsfront
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Volkswohlfahrt
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Kraft_durch_Freude
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Commence_Rearmament
	### Military
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Reichsluftfahrtministerium
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Reichswehr
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Reichsmarine
	unlock_national_focus = GER_Establish_the_Wehrmacht
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = fascist
		last_election = "1933.3.5"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
	#	fascist = 86
#	#	authoritarian = 13
#	#	democratic = 1
		socialist = 0
		communist = 0
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = authoritarian
		long_name = GER_authoritarian_party_Wehrmacht_long
		name = GER_authoritarian_party_Wehrmacht
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = democratic
		long_name = GER_democratic_party_sympathizers_long
		name = GER_democratic_party_sympathizers
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = socialist
		long_name = GER_socialist_party_sympathizers_long
		name = GER_socialist_party_sympathizers
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = communist
		long_name = GER_communist_party_sympathizers_long
		name = GER_communist_party_sympathizers
	}
	add_ideas = {
		GER_mefo_bills_1
		GER_Great_General_Staff
		# Laws and Policies
		limited_exports
		one_year_service
		corporatism
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		interventionism
		legalistic_restrictions
		# Cabinet
		GER_D_Rudolf_Hess
		GER_FM_Konstantin_von_Neurath
		GER_AM_Werner_von_Blomberg
		GER_MoS_Wilhelm_Frick
		GER_HoI_Wilhelm_Canaris
		# Military Staff
		GER_CoStaff_Werner_von_Blomberg_2
		GER_CoArmy_Ludwig_Beck
		GER_CoNavy_Erich_Raeder
		GER_CoAir_Hermann_Goring
	}
	remove_ideas = {
		GER_Treaty_of_Versailles
		GER_Destroyed_German_Spirit
		GER_Great_Depression
		GER_Mass_Unemployment
		GER_The_Weimar_Era
	}
	activate_mission = GER_mefo_bills_mission
	set_variable = {
		var = wehrmacht_anger
		value = 0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = ss_anger
		value = 0
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	create_import = {
		resource = tungsten
		factories = 1
		exporter = SWE
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Fascism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Adolf Hitler"
		desc = "Adolf_Hitler_desc"
		picture = GFX_P_F_Adolf_Hitler
		expire = "1945.4.30"
		ideology = national_socialism
		traits = {
			POSITION_GER_Fuhrer
			SUBIDEOLOGY_National_Socialism
			L_Paranoid_Megalomaniac
		}
	}
	# Authoritarianism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ludwig Beck"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_A_Ludwig_Beck
		expire = "1944.7.20"
		ideology = military_dictatorship
		traits = {
			POSITION_Commander_in_Chief
			SUBIDEOLOGY_Military_Dictatorship
			L_Resigned_Generalissimo
		}
	}
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1939
#########################################################################
1939.9.1 = {
	oob = ""
	set_research_slots = 5
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
		# Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1939 = 1
		paratroopers2 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1936 = 1
		MANPATS_MANPADS_1936 = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Armored_Car_1936 = 1
		Light_Tank_1936 = 1
		Light_Tank_1939 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1936 = 1
		# Air Tech
		Fighter_1936 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1936 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1936 = 1
		Heavy_Fighter_1936 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1936 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1936 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1936 = 1
		# Land Doctrine Tech
		Combined_Arms_Offensive = 1
		Elastic_Defense = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	### German–Danish Non-Aggression Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = DEN
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	### German–Estonian Non-Aggression Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = EST
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	### German–Latvian Non-Aggression Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = LAT
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	### Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = SOV
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SLO
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Satellite
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BOH
		autonomy_state = AUTONOMY_Reichsprotectorate
	}
	SLO = {
		
	}
	BOH = {
		
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = fascist
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1939.8.1
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = POL
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = FRA
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = ENG
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = AST
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = NZL
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = RAJ
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = CAN
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
	#######################
	# Generals
	#######################
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Kurt Student"
		id = 104031
		GFX = GFX_M_Kurt_Student
		traits = {
			commando
			paratrooper_trait
			trait_reckless
		}
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 4
		defense_skill = 2
		planning_skill = 4
		logistics_skill = 3
	}
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Eugen Meindl"
		id = 104032
		GFX = GFX_M_Eugen_Meindl
		traits = {
			commando
			paratrooper_trait
			trait_reckless
		}
		skill = 2
		attack_skill = 3
		defense_skill = 1
		planning_skill = 2
		logistics_skill = 2
	}
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Heinz Guderian"
		id = 104033
		GFX = GFX_M_Heinz_Guderian
		traits = {
			trickster
			brilliant_strategist
			panzer_leader
			armor_officer
			career_officer
		}
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 2
		defense_skill = 4
		planning_skill = 4
		logistics_skill = 3
	}
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1940
#########################################################################
1940.5.10 = {
	oob = ""
	add_to_faction = ITA
	add_to_faction = HUN
	set_technology = {
		# Infantry Tech
		Anti_Tank_Gun_1940 = 1
		tech_mountaineers2 = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Medium_Tank_1939 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1939 = 1
		# Air Tech
		Fighter_1940 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1940 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1940 = 1
		Heavy_Fighter_1940 = 1
		Attacker_1940 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1940 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1940 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1940 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1940.5.9
			has_start_date < 1946.1.1
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = BEL
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = LUX
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = HOL
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = NOR
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = INS
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1941
#########################################################################
1941.6.22 = {
	#oob = ""
	set_technology = {
		GER_Waffen_SS = 1
		# Infantry Tech
		Enhanced_Muzzlebreaks_and_Removable_Barrels = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Medium_Tank_1941 = 1
		APC_1941 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	### Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = SOV
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = no
	}
	### German–Turkish Treaty of Friendship
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = TUR
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1941.6.21
			has_start_date < 1946.1.1
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = SOV
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = MON
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = TAN
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = YUG
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = GRE
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
	add_to_faction = ROM
	add_to_faction = BUL
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1942
#########################################################################
1942.12.21 = {
	oob = ""
	set_technology = {
		# Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1942 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1942 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1942 = 1
		MANPATS_MANPADS_1942 = 1
		Artillery_1942 = 1
		Anti_Tank_Gun_1942 = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Armored_Car_1942 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1942.11.22
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = USA
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = DOM
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = PAN
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = ELS
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = HAI
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = HON
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = NIC
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = GUA
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = CUB
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = MEX
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = BRA
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = COS
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
	add_to_faction = FIN
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1943
#########################################################################
1943.7.26 = {
	
	oob = ""
	set_technology = {
		# Infantry Tech
		paratroopers3 = 1
		High_Velocity_Armor_Piercing_Rounds = 1
		# Armour Tech
		Light_Tank_1943 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1943 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1943 = 1
		APC_1943 = 1
		# Air Tech
		Fighter_1943 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1943 = 1
		cv_Fighter_1943 = 1
		Heavy_Fighter_1943 = 1
		Attacker_1943 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1943 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1943 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1943.7.26
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = BOL
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1944
#########################################################################
1944.6.20 = {
	oob = ""
	add_ideas = {
		all_adults_serve
		war_economy
	}
	set_technology = {
		# Armour Tech
		Super_Heavy_Tank_1944 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1944.6.20
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = COL
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = LIB
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1945
#########################################################################
1945.1.1 = {
	oob = ""
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Fascism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Adolf Hitler"
		desc = "Adolf_Hitler_desc"
		picture = GFX_P_F_Adolf_Hitler_1945
		expire = "1945.4.30"
		ideology = national_socialism
		traits = {
			POSITION_GER_Fuhrer
			SUBIDEOLOGY_National_Socialism
			L_Paranoid_Megalomaniac
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1945.1.1
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = FIN
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = ROM
			type = annex_everything
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = BUL
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
}
#########################################################################
# German Reich - 1946
#########################################################################
1946.1.1 = {
	dismantle_faction = yes
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SLO
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BOH
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GGP
		autonomy_state = autonomy_free
	}
}
