recruit_character = ITA_Victor_Emmanuel_III
recruit_character = ITA_Junio_Borghese
recruit_character = ITA_Benito_Mussolini
recruit_character = ITA_Augusto_De_Marsanich
recruit_character = ITA_Pietro_Badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_Conde_Stefano_Jacini
recruit_character = ITA_Alcide_de_Gasperi
recruit_character = ITA_Giuseppe_Pella
recruit_character = ITA_Mario_Scelba
recruit_character = ITA_Ivanoe_Bonomi
recruit_character = ITA_Ferruccio_Parri
recruit_character = ITA_Pietro_Nenni
recruit_character = ITA_Luigi_Longo
recruit_character = ITA_Enrico_Berlinguer
recruit_character = ITA_Palmiro_Togliatti
recruit_character = ITA_Giuseppe_Bastianini
recruit_character = ITA_Giorgio_Almirante
recruit_character = ITA_Gian_Galeazzo_Ciano
recruit_character = ITA_Pietro_Conte_Acquarone
recruit_character = ITA_Dino_Grandi
recruit_character = ITA_Pier_Federico_Martinetti
recruit_character = ITA_Bernardo_Attolico
recruit_character = ITA_Carlo_Sforza
recruit_character = ITA_Vittorio_Scialoja
recruit_character = ITA_Antonio_Scuero
recruit_character = ITA_Piero_Brandimarte
recruit_character = ITA_Guido_Buffarini_Guidi
recruit_character = ITA_Umberto_Albini
recruit_character = ITA_Cesare_Maria_De_Vecchi
recruit_character = ITA_Umberto_Ricci
recruit_character = ITA_Roberto_Farinacci
recruit_character = ITA_Enrico_de_Nicola
recruit_character = ITA_Vito_Reale
recruit_character = ITA_Salvatore_Aldisio
recruit_character = ITA_Oscar_Scalfaro
recruit_character = ITA_Giuseppe_Romita
recruit_character = ITA_Julian_Zugazagoitia_Mendieta
recruit_character = ITA_Paolo_Thaon_di_Revel
recruit_character = ITA_G_Imperiali_de_Francarillo
recruit_character = ITA_Giacomo_Acerbo
recruit_character = ITA_Romulo_Paladini
recruit_character = ITA_Alberto_Pariani
recruit_character = ITA_Alfredo_Guzzoni
recruit_character = ITA_Antonio_Sorice
recruit_character = ITA_Ubaldo_Soddu
recruit_character = ITA_Arturo_Michelini
recruit_character = ITA_Domenico_Bartolini
recruit_character = ITA_Guido_Jung
recruit_character = ITA_Alberto_Theodoli
recruit_character = ITA_Randolfo_Pacciardi
recruit_character = ITA_Francesco_Orestano
recruit_character = ITA_Fulberto_Vivaldi
recruit_character = ITA_Cipriano_Facchinetti
recruit_character = ITA_Taddeo_Orlando
recruit_character = ITA_Manlio_Brosio
recruit_character = ITA_Emilio_Paolo_Taviani
recruit_character = ITA_A_de_Marinis_de_Ricia
recruit_character = ITA_Luigi_Einaudi
recruit_character = ITA_Alessandro_Marchese_Casati
recruit_character = ITA_Giovanni_Ciraolo
recruit_character = ITA_G_Barone_Paulucci_di_Calboli
recruit_character = ITA_Antonio_Pesenti
recruit_character = ITA_Vittorio_Vidali
recruit_character = ITA_Mauro_Scoccimarro
recruit_character = ITA_Giacomo_Carboni
recruit_character = ITA_Cesare_Ame
recruit_character = ITA_Enzo_Galbiati
recruit_character = ITA_Alfredo_de_Marschio
recruit_character = ITA_Maggiorno_Ferraris
recruit_character = ITA_Ezio_Vanoni
recruit_character = ITA_Emilio_Pagliano
recruit_character = ITA_Guiseppe_di_Vittorio
recruit_character = ITA_Achille_Starace
recruit_character = ITA_Vito_Catastini
recruit_character = ITA_Franscesco_S_Grazioli
recruit_character = ITA_Ugo_Cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_Vittorio_Ambrosio
recruit_character = ITA_Mario_Cingolani
recruit_character = ITA_Ettore_Conti
recruit_character = ITA_Claudio_Trezzani
recruit_character = ITA_Louis_Efisio_Marras
recruit_character = ITA_Alessandro_Casati
recruit_character = ITA_Luigi_Gasparotto
recruit_character = ITA_Federico_Baistrocchi
recruit_character = ITA_Rodolfo_Graziani
recruit_character = ITA_Mario_Roatta
recruit_character = ITA_Dionisio_Ancelotti
recruit_character = ITA_Enrico_Mattei
recruit_character = ITA_Raffaele_Cadorna_Jr
recruit_character = ITA_Ernesto_Cappa
recruit_character = ITA_Giancarlo_Pajetta
recruit_character = ITA_Alfredo_Rocco
recruit_character = ITA_Domenico_Cavagnari
recruit_character = ITA_Arturo_Riccardi
recruit_character = ITA_Raffaele_de_Courten
recruit_character = ITA_Allesandrino_Ceresa
recruit_character = ITA_Giuseppe_Valle
recruit_character = ITA_Francesco_Pricolo
recruit_character = ITA_Rino_Corso_Fougier
recruit_character = ITA_Renato_Sandalli
recruit_character = ITA_Tomasso_Tittoni
recruit_character = ITA_Pietro_Piacentini
recruit_character = ITA_Antonio_Scialoja
recruit_character = ITA_Ettore_Muti
recruit_character = ITA_Marziale_Cerutti
recruit_character = ITA_Silvio_Scaroni
recruit_character = ITA_Alberto_Da_Zara
recruit_character = ITA_Carlo_Bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_Luigi_Mascherpa
recruit_character = ITA_Emilio_De_Bono
recruit_character = ITA_Annibale_Bergonzoli
recruit_character = ITA_Antero_Leonardo_Canale
recruit_character = ITA_Carlo_Geloso
recruit_character = ITA_Gabriele_Nasci
recruit_character = ITA_Giovanni_Messe
recruit_character = ITA_Italo_Balbo
recruit_character = ITA_Alessandro_Pirzio_Biroli
recruit_character = ITA_Ettore_Bastico
recruit_character = ITA_Inigo_Campioni
recruit_character = ITA_Giuseppe_Fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_Angelo_Iachano
#########################################################################
# Italy - 1933
#########################################################################
1933.1.1 = {
	capital = 2
	set_stability = 0.6
	set_war_support = 0.7
	oob = "ITA_1933"
	set_research_slots = 3
	set_convoys = 200
	add_to_variable = { money = 450 }
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

		### Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1900 = 1
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1914 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1918 = 1

		Heavy_Weapons_1905 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1916 = 1
		### Support Units
		tech_support = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		### Artillery Tech
		Artillery_1910 = 1
        Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_Range_Finding_and_Surveying_Tools = 1
		Infantry_Support_Gun_1914 = 1
        Artillery_1916 = 1
        High_Explosive_Shells = 1
		Split_Trail_Carriage = 1
		Motor_Compatible_Carriage = 1
		### Armour Tech
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1911 = 1
        Armored_Car_1916 = 1
        Armored_Car_1926 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1919 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		### Air Tech
		Unarmed_Recon_1910 = 1
        Fighter_1914 = 1
        Fighter_1916 = 1
        Fighter_1918 = 1
        Fighter_1924 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1916 = 1
        Fighter_Bomber_1918 = 1
        Fighter_Bomber_1924 = 1
        Tactical_Bomber_1914 = 1
        Tactical_Bomber_1916 = 1
        Tactical_Bomber_1918 = 1
        Tactical_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Naval_Bomber_1918 = 1
        Naval_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1916 = 1
		### Naval stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		DD_1933 = 1
		CL_1885 = 1
		CL_1900 = 1
		CL_1912 = 1
		CL_1922 = 1
		CL_1933 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		CA_1906 = 1
		CA_1922 = 1
		CA_1933 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		BC_1906 = 1
		BC_1912 = 1
		BC_1916 = 1
		BB_1885 = 1
		BB_1895 = 1
		BB_1900 = 1
		BB_1906 = 1
		BB_1912 = 1
		BB_1916 = 1
		BB_1922 = 1
		CV_1912 = 1
		transport = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		### Industry
		Industrial_Management = 1
		Factory_Electrification = 1
		Facilities_Design = 1
		Moving_Assembly_Line = 1
		Skilled_Workforce = 1
		Dispersed_Industry = 1
		Basic_Construction_Machines = 1
		Novel_Drills = 1
		Contemporary_Construction_Standards = 1
		Advanced_Drilling_Method = 1
		Construction_Site_Management = 1
		Motorized_Plowing = 1
		Farm_Tractors = 1
		Scientific_Agricultural_Processes = 1
		Mechanized_Agriculture = 1
		Rudimentary_Oil_Refining = 1
		### Land Doctrines
		Twentieth_Century_Warfare = 1
		Leading_by_Order = 1
		Strongpoint = 1
        Mass_Charge = 1
        Static_Defence = 1
        Counterattack = 1
		Defence_In_Depth = 1
		Separate_Arms_Force = 1
        Combined_Arms_Effort = 1
		Specialized_Branch_Tactical_Experience = 1
		Beyond_Trench_Warfare = 1
		### Engineering
		computing_1 = 1
		computing_2 = 1
		computing_3 = 1
		computing_4 = 1
		decryption_encryption_1 = 1
		### Experimental Research
		rocketry_1 = 1
		nuclear_1 = 1
		### Support Companies
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_1 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_2 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_3 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_1 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_2 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_3 = 1
		tech_amphibious_1 = 1
		tech_amphibious_2 = 1
		tech_amphibious_3 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_recon2 = 1
		tech_recon3 = 1
		tech_recon4 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_military_police2 = 1
		tech_military_police3 = 1
		tech_military_police4 = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_signal_company2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_3 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_logistics_company2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company4 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company4 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = fascist
		last_election = "1934.3.26"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
	#	fascist = 52
#	#	authoritarian = 5
#	#	democratic = 33
		socialist = 1
		communist = 9
	}
	### Great Depression/Unemployment
	add_ideas = generic_unemployment_idea
	set_variable = { current_unemployment = 0.30 }
	clamp_variable = {
		var = current_unemployment
		min = 0
		max = 1
	}
	update_unemployment_modifier = yes
	add_ideas = {
		ITA_Birthplace_of_Fascism
		ITA_The_Corporatist_Experiment
		ITA_High_Command_Incompetence
		ITA_Regio_Esercito_Reorganization
		ITA_Overfunded_Regia_Marina
		ITA_Carta_del_Lavoro
		# GENERIC_London_Naval_Treaty
		# vittoria_mutilata
		limited_exports
		one_year_service
		mixed_economy
		legalistic_restrictions
		# Cabinet
		ITA_Victor_Emmanuel_III_HoG
		ITA_Gian_Galeazzo_Ciano_FM
		ITA_Guido_Jung_AM
		ITA_Guido_Buffarini_Guidi_MoS
		ITA_Cesare_Ame_HoI
		# Military Staff
		ITA_Franscesco_S_Grazioli_CoStaff
		ITA_Alberto_Pariani_CoArmy
		ITA_Domenico_Cavagnari_CoNavy
		ITA_Giuseppe_Valle_CoAir
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "Servizio Informazioni Militare"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_ita"
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1935.12.31
			has_start_date < 1936.1.2
		}
		declare_war_on = {
			target = ETH
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
	give_guarantee = ALB
	give_guarantee = AUS
}

#########################################################################
# Italy - 1936
#########################################################################
1936.1.1 = {
	oob = "ITA_1936"
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
		ITA_MVSN = 1
		Small_Arms_1935 = 1
		Attacker_1936 = 1
		Fighter_1933 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	### Italo-Soviet Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = SOV
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	add_ideas = {
		limited_exports
		one_year_service
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		mixed_economy
		legalistic_restrictions
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Italy - 1944
#########################################################################
1944.6.20 = {
	capital = 2
	oob = "ITA_1944"
	drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1934.3.26"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
#	#	democratic = 44
#	#	authoritarian = 56
	#	fascist = 0
		socialist = 0
		communist = 0
	}
	add_ideas = {
		war_economy
		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}
}

#########################################################################
# Italy - 1950
#########################################################################
1950.1.1 = {
	capital = 2
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1934.3.26"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
#	#	democratic = 56
#	#	authoritarian = 44
	#	fascist = 0
		socialist = 0
		communist = 0
	}
}
