######################################################################
# Poland - 1933
######################################################################
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Bielecki
recruit_character = POL_Roman_Dmowski
recruit_character = POL_Waclaw_Kozielski
recruit_character = POL_Janusz_Jedrzejewicz
recruit_character = POL_Aleksander_Prystor
recruit_character = POL_Leon_Kozlowski
recruit_character = POL_Walery_Slawek
recruit_character = POL_Henryk_Jozewski
recruit_character = POL_Marian_ZyndramKoscialkowski
recruit_character = POL_Felicjan_SlawojSkladkowski
recruit_character = POL_August_Zaleski
recruit_character = POL_Edward_RydzSmigly
recruit_character = POL_Kardynal_AS_Sapieha
recruit_character = POL_Ignacy_Moscicki
recruit_character = POL_Mikolaj_Dolanowski
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Pilsudski
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Sikorski
recruit_character = POL_Boguslaw_Miedzinski
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Kwapinski
recruit_character = POL_Kardynal_Stefan_Wyszynski
recruit_character = POL_Antoni_Paczek
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Mikolajczyk
recruit_character = POL_Wojciech_Korfanty
recruit_character = POL_Eugeniusz_Kwiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_Tomasz_Arciszewski
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Osiecki
recruit_character = POL_Stanislas_A_Neyman
recruit_character = POL_Mieczyslaw_Michalowicz
recruit_character = POL_Hugon_Hanke
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Dziegielewski
recruit_character = POL_Boleslaw_Drobner
recruit_character = POL_Edward_OsobkaMorawski
recruit_character = POL_Marceli_Nowotko
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Cyrenkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Boleslaw_Bierut
recruit_character = POL_Jedrzej_Giertych
recruit_character = POL_Wojciech_Wasiutynski
recruit_character = POL_Witold_Staniszkis
recruit_character = POL_Janusz_Radziwill
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Beck
recruit_character = POL_Jan_hr_Szembek
recruit_character = POL_Leon_Janta_Polczynski
recruit_character = POL_Edward_Raczynski
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Romer
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Baginski
recruit_character = POL_Henryk_Leon_Strasburger
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Tarnowski
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Kiernik
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Piekalkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Aleksander_Zawisza
recruit_character = POL_Wincenty_Rzymowski
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Prochnik
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Niski
recruit_character = POL_Norbert_Barlicki
recruit_character = POL_Pawel_Finder
recruit_character = POL_Zygmunt_Modzelewski
recruit_character = POL_Mieczyslaw_Trajdos
recruit_character = POL_Czeslaw_Michalowski
recruit_character = POL_Bronislaw_Pieracki
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Raczkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Switalski
recruit_character = POL_Witold_Grabowski
recruit_character = POL_Waclaw_Mohl
recruit_character = POL_Zygmunt_Berezowski
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Rose
recruit_character = POL_Bronislaw_Kusnierz
recruit_character = POL_Roman_Odzierzynski
recruit_character = POL_Marjan_Rudzinski
recruit_character = POL_Antoni_Roman
recruit_character = POL_Karol_Popiel
recruit_character = POL_Wincenty_Witos
recruit_character = POL_Mieczyslaw_Niedzialkowski
recruit_character = POL_Pantaleon_Karpinski
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Lokietek_Rebe
recruit_character = POL_Feliks_Wirski
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Radkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Aleksander_Zawadzki
recruit_character = POL_Franciszek_Jozwiak
recruit_character = POL_Jakub_Berman
recruit_character = POL_Jerzy_Zdziechowski
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Glabinski
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Wroczynski
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_M_Zawadzki
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Pilsudski
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Kasprzycki
recruit_character = POL_Bp_Stanislaw_Adamski
recruit_character = POL_Karol_Niezabytowski
recruit_character = POL_Witold_Staniewicz
recruit_character = POL_Witold_Lesniewski
recruit_character = POL_Czeslaw_Klarner 
recruit_character = POL_Casimir_Ehrenberg
recruit_character = POL_Bronislaw_Regulski
recruit_character = POL_Ludwik_W_Rajchmann
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Koc
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Haller
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Fokierski
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Sopicki
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Niecko
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Lychowski
recruit_character = POL_Herman_Liebermann
recruit_character = POL_Zygmunt_Berling
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Stefan_Haneman
recruit_character = POL_Michal_RolaZymierski
recruit_character = POL_Konstanty_Dabrowski
recruit_character = POL_Hilary_Minc
recruit_character = POL_Janusz_Zoltowski
recruit_character = POL_Wojciech_Zaleski
recruit_character = POL_Kordian_Zamorski
recruit_character = POL_Mieczyslaw_Mackiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Puszczynski
recruit_character = POL_Karol_Boldeskul
recruit_character = POL_T_PelczynskiGrzegorz
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Kowalewski
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Zychon
recruit_character = POL_Ignacy_Matuszewski
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Gano
recruit_character = POL_Zygmunt_Zaremba
recruit_character = POL_Feliks_Koneczny
recruit_character = POL_Wieslaw_Domaniewski
recruit_character = POL_Alfred_Leon_Konopka
recruit_character = POL_Mieczyslaw_Sokolowski
recruit_character = POL_Lukasz_Siemiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Szturm_de_Sztrem
recruit_character = POL_Ozjasz_Szechter
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Dubois
recruit_character = POL_Stefan_Antosiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Henryk_Swiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_Marian_JanuszajtisZegota
recruit_character = POL_Waclaw_Stachiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Janusz_Gasiorowski
recruit_character = POL_Michal_KaraszewiczTokarzewski
recruit_character = POL_Stefan_Rowecki
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_BorKomorowski
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Kopanski
recruit_character = POL_Leopold_Okulicki
recruit_character = POL_Rajmund_Jaworski
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Sosnkowski
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Anders
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Grabsky
recruit_character = POL_Karol_Swierczewski
recruit_character = POL_Jerzy_Swirski
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Unrug
recruit_character = POL_Francois_Sokal
recruit_character = POL_Leon_Chajn
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Mohuczy
recruit_character = POL_Wlodzimierz_Steyer
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Rapacki
recruit_character = POL_Iwan_Szylingowski
recruit_character = POL_Nikolaj_Abramow
recruit_character = POL_Alfred_Chlapowski
recruit_character = POL_Sergiusz_Abzoltowski
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Zajac
recruit_character = POL_Ludomil_Rayski
recruit_character = POL_Stanislaw_Pawluc
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Kalkus
recruit_character = POL_Ludwik_Grosfeld
recruit_character = POL_Czeslaw_Bieszczad
recruit_character = POL_Leon_Berbecki
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Kruszewski
recruit_character = POL_Juliusz_Rommel
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Piskor
recruit_character = POL_Stefan_Dab_Biernacki
recruit_character = POL_Gustaw_Orlicz_Dreszer
recruit_character = POL_Antoni_Szyling
recruit_character = POL_Wiktor_Thomee
recruit_character = POL_Franciszek_Kleeberg
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Kutrzeba
recruit_character = POL_Wladyslaw_Bortnowski
recruit_character = POL_Wilhelm_Orlik_Ruckemann
recruit_character = POL_Emil_Krukowicz_Przedrzymirski
recruit_character = POL_Mieczysaw_Boruta_Spiechowicz

1933.1.1 = {
	capital = 10
	oob = "POL_1933"
	set_research_slots = 3
	set_convoys = 10
	add_manpower = 200000
	add_to_variable = { money = 160 }
	#######################
	# Research
	#######################
	set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

		### Infantry Tech
		Small_Arms_1916 = 1
		Small_Arms_1900 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1914 = 1
		Infantry_Kit_1918 = 1

		Heavy_Weapons_1905 = 1
		Heavy_Weapons_1916 = 1
		### Support Tech
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		### Artillery Tech
		Artillery_1910 = 1
		Anti_Aircraft_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_Range_Finding_and_Surveying_Tools = 1
		Infantry_Support_Gun_1914 = 1
		Artillery_1916 = 1
		High_Explosive_Shells = 1
		### Armour Tech
		Motorized_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1911 = 1
		Armored_Car_1916 = 1
		Armored_Car_1926 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1916 = 1
		Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Super_Heavy_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1917 = 1
		Light_Tank_1919 = 1
		Light_Tank_1926 = 1
		Medium_Tank_1926 = 1
		### Air Tech
		Unarmed_Recon_1910 = 1
		Fighter_1914 = 1
		Fighter_1916 = 1
		Fighter_1918 = 1
		Fighter_1924 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Fighter_Bomber_1924 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1914 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1916 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1918 = 1
		Tactical_Bomber_1925 = 1
		Strategic_Bomber_1916 = 1
		#Naval Stuff
		DD_1885 = 1
		DD_1900 = 1
		DD_1912 = 1
		DD_1916 = 1
		DD_1922 = 1
		CA_1885 = 1
		CA_1895 = 1
		SS_1895 = 1
		SS_1912 = 1
		SS_1916 = 1
		SS_1922 = 1
		### Industry
		Industrial_Management = 1
		Factory_Electrification = 1
		Facilities_Design = 1
		Moving_Assembly_Line = 1
		Basic_Construction_Machines = 1
		Novel_Drills = 1
		Contemporary_Construction_Standards = 1
		Motorized_Plowing = 1
		Farm_Tractors = 1
		Scientific_Agricultural_Processes = 1
		### Land Doctrines
		Twentieth_Century_Warfare = 1
		Leading_by_Order = 1
		Strongpoint = 1
		Mass_Charge = 1
		Static_Defence = 1
		Counterattack = 1
		Defence_In_Depth = 1
		Separate_Arms_Force = 1
		Combined_Arms_Effort = 1
		Specialized_Branch_Tactical_Experience = 1
		Beyond_Trench_Warfare = 1
		### Engineering
		computing_1 = 1
		computing_2 = 1
		computing_3 = 1
		decryption_encryption_1 = 1
		### Support Companies
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_1 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_2 = 1
		tech_assault_weapons_3 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_1 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_2 = 1
		tech_entrenchment_3 = 1
		tech_amphibious_1 = 1
		tech_amphibious_2 = 1
		tech_amphibious_3 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_recon2 = 1
		tech_recon3 = 1
		tech_recon4 = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_military_police2 = 1
		tech_military_police3 = 1
		tech_military_police4 = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_signal_company2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_psychology_3 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_1 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_2 = 1
		tech_field_hospital_health_3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_logistics_company2 = 1
		tech_logistics_company3 = 1
		tech_logistics_company4 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
		tech_maintenance_company4 = 1
	}
	#######################
	# Diplomacy
	#######################
	### Soviet–Polish Non-Aggression Pact
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = SOV
		relation = non_aggression_pact
		active = yes
	}
	### Danzig Crisis Aftermath
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = DNZ
		relation = docking_rights
		active = yes
	}
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1930.11.23"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
	#	fascist = 4
#	#	authoritarian = 53
#	#	democratic = 19
		socialist = 14
		communist = 10
	}
	### Great Depression/Unemployment
	add_ideas = generic_unemployment_idea
	set_variable = { unemployment_value_modifier = -0.2 }
	set_variable = { current_unemployment = 0.44 }
	clamp_variable = {
		var = current_unemployment
		min = 0
		max = 1
	}
	update_unemployment_modifier = yes
	add_ideas = {
		# Spirit
		POL_May_Coup
		POL_Embers_of_Industry
		# Cabinet
		POL_Ignacy_Moscicki_HoG
		POL_Jozef_Beck_FM
		POL_Jan_Pilsudski_AM
		POL_Bronislaw_Pieracki_MoS
		POL_T_PelczynskiGrzegorz_HoI
		# Military Staff
		POL_Janusz_Gasiorowski_CoStaff
		POL_Jozef_Pilsudski_CoArmy
		POL_Jozef_Unrug_CoNavy
		POL_Ludomil_Rayski_CoAir
		# Policies
		industrializing_economy
		limited_civil_liberties
		taxation_level_4
		social_spending_level_3
		research_spending_level_1
		army_spending_level_3
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = {
		name = "Dwójka"
		icon = "GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_pol"
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Fascism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Jan Mosdorf"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_F_Jan_Mosdorf
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = falangism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Falangism L_Barking_Buffoon }
	}
	# Socialism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ignacy Daszynski"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_S_Ignacy_Daszynski
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = socialism
		traits = { POSITION_General_Secretary SUBIDEOLOGY_Socialism L_Popular_Figurehead }
	}
	country_event = {
		id = POL_Death_of_Pilsudski.1
		days = 862
	}
}
#########################################################################
# Poland - 1936
#########################################################################
1936.1.1 = {
	oob = "POL_1936"
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1935.9.15"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
	#	fascist = 2
#	#	authoritarian = 70
#	#	democratic = 20
		socialist = 1
		communist = 7
	}
	### Great Depression/Unemployment
	set_variable = { unemployment_value_modifier = 0 }
	set_variable = { current_unemployment = 0.32 }
	clamp_variable = {
		var = current_unemployment
		min = 0
		max = 1
	}
	add_ideas = {
		# Spirit
		# Cabinet
		POL_D_Marian_ZyndramKoscialkowski
		POL_FM_Jozef_Beck
		POL_AM_Eugeniusz_Kwiatkowski
		POL_MoS_Wladyslaw_Raczkiewicz
		# POL_HoI_Janusz_Jagrym_Maleszewski
		industrializing_economy
		limited_civil_liberties
		taxation_level_4
		social_spending_level_3
		research_spending_level_1
		army_spending_level_2
		# Military Staff
		POL_CoStaff_Waclaw_Stachiewicz
		POL_CoArmy_Edward_RydzSmigly
		POL_CoNavy_Jerzy_Swirski
		POL_CoAir_Ludomil_Rayski
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Fascism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Boleslaw Piasecki"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_F_Bolesaw_Piasecki
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = falangism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Falangism L_Barking_Buffoon }
	}
	# Authoritarian
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ignacy Moscicki"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_A_Ignacy_Moscicki
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = authoritarian_democracy
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Authoritarian_Democracy L_Stern_Imperialist }
	}
	#######################
	# Generals
	#######################
	remove_unit_leader = 3150
}
#######################
# Variants
#######################
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "PZL P.24"
	type = Fighter_equipment_1933
	upgrades = {
		plane_gun_upgrade = 3
		plane_range_upgrade = 0
		plane_engine_upgrade = 1
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 3
	}
}
#########################################################################
# Poland - 1939
#########################################################################
1939.9.1 = {
	oob = "POL_1939"
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = authoritarian
		last_election = "1938.9.15"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
	#	fascist = 2
#	#	authoritarian = 70
#	#	democratic = 20
		socialist = 1
		communist = 7
	}
	add_ideas = {
		# Laws and Policies
		limited_exports
		one_year_service
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		# Cabinet
		POL_D_Felicjan_SlawojSkladkowski
		POL_FM_Jozef_Beck
		POL_AM_Eugeniusz_Kwiatkowski
		POL_MoS_Felicjan_SlawojSkladkowski
		POL_HoI_Kordian_Zamorski
		# Military Staff
		POL_CoStaff_Waclaw_Stachiewicz
		POL_CoArmy_Edward_RydzSmigly
		POL_CoNavy_Jerzy_Swirski
		POL_CoAir_Ludomil_Rayski
	}
	#######################
	# Leaders
	#######################
	# Democracy
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Tadeusz Bielecki"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_D_Tadeusz_Bielecki
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = social_conservatism
		traits = { POSITION_President SUBIDEOLOGY_Social_Conservatism L_Weary_Stiff_Neck }
	}
	# Socialism
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Kazimierz Puzak"
		desc = ""
		picture = GFX_P_S_Kazimierz_Puzak
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = socialism
		traits = { POSITION_General_Secretary SUBIDEOLOGY_Socialism L_Popular_Figurehead }
	}
	#######################
	# Generals
	#######################
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Roman Abraham"
	    id = 213019
		GFX = GFX_M_Roman_Abraham
		traits = { brilliant_strategist cavalry_officer cavalry_leader trickster }
		skill = 4
		attack_skill = 4
		defense_skill = 4
		planning_skill = 3
		logistics_skill = 4
	}
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Mikołaj Bołtuć"
	    id = 213020
		GFX = GFX_M_Mikolaj_Boltuc
		traits = {  trait_reckless ranger }
		skill = 2
		attack_skill = 3
		defense_skill = 3
		planning_skill = 2
		logistics_skill = 1
	}
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Zygmunt Podhorski"
	    id = 213021
		GFX = GFX_M_Zygmunt_Podhorski
		traits = {  cavalry_officer organizer swamp_fox }
		skill = 3
		attack_skill = 2
		defense_skill = 3
		planning_skill = 2
		logistics_skill = 3
	}
	create_corps_commander = {
		name = "Wincenty Kowalski"
	    id = 213022
		GFX = GFX_M_Wincenty_Kowalski
		traits = {  infantry_leader trickster }
		skill = 3
		attack_skill = 3
		defense_skill = 3
		planning_skill = 3
		logistics_skill = 3
	}
}
######################################################################
# Poland - 1940
######################################################################
1940.5.10 = {
	oob = "POL_1940"
}
######################################################################
# Poland - 1944
######################################################################
1944.6.20 = {
	oob = "POL_1944"
}
######################################################################
# Poland - 1946
######################################################################
1946.1.1 = {
	oob = "POL_1946"
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = communist
		last_election = "1935.9.15"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
	#	fascist = 0
#	#	authoritarian = 0
#	#	democratic = 0
		socialist = 0
		communist = 100
	}
}
######################################################################
# Poland - 1950
######################################################################
1950.1.1 = {
	#######################
	# Politics
	#######################
	
}
