capital = 121
set_research_slots = 3
set_naval_oob = "SCO_naval"

add_ideas = {
	SCO_fledgling_state
	SCO_disorganised_army
	volunteer_only
	export_focus
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberal
	last_election = "1936.6.22"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	vanguardist = 1
	socialist = 3
	syndicalist = 5
	progressive = 13
	liberal = 41
	conservative = 21
	ecologist = 10
	authoritarian_democrat = 3
	paternalist = 2
	national_populist = 1
}

### Leaders ###
recruit_character = SCO_workers_council
recruit_character = SCO_james_maxton
recruit_character = SCO_roland_muirhead
recruit_character = SCO_hugh_macdiarmid
recruit_character = SCO_john_maccormick
recruit_character = SCO_compton_mackenzie
recruit_character = SCO_isaac_wolfson
recruit_character = SCO_walter_elliot
recruit_character = SCO_council_sco
recruit_character = SCO_arthur_donaldson
recruit_character = SCO_john_mcgrew
recruit_character = SCO_no_central_leadership

### Head of Governments ###

recruit_character = SCO_tom_bell
recruit_character = SCO_david_kirkwood
recruit_character = SCO_george_buchanan
recruit_character = SCO_andrew_dewar_gibb

### Advisors ###

recruit_character = SCO_hector_mcneil
recruit_character = SCO_helen_crawfurd
recruit_character = SCO_neil_maclean
recruit_character = SCO_jimmy_friell

recruit_character = SCO_alexander_macewan
recruit_character = SCO_robert_gray
recruit_character = SCO_tom_gibson
recruit_character = SCO_john_l_kinloch
recruit_character = SCO_john_reith
recruit_character = SCO_william_power
recruit_character = SCO_sandy_glen

### Commanders ###

recruit_character = SCO_edmund_hakewell_smith
recruit_character = SCO_roy_urquhart
recruit_character = SCO_alexander_biggam
recruit_character = SCO_anthony_miers

recruit_character = SCO_john_inglis_gilmour
recruit_character = SCO_malcolm_stokes
recruit_character = SCO_donald_wickeford
recruit_character = SCO_edwyn_macandrew
recruit_character = SCO_national_war_committee
