capital = 122
set_research_slots = 2

add_ideas = {
	WLS_fledgling_army
	volunteer_only
	export_focus
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_conservatism
	last_election = "1936.6.22"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	bolshevism = 0
	communism = 2
	revolutionary_socialism = 3
	moderate_socialism = 5
	progressivism = 13
	liberalism = 10
	liberal_conservatism = 21
	social_conservatism = 41
	anocracy = 3
	autocracy = 2
	reformed_voynism = 0
	voynism = 0
	radical_voynism = 0
}

recruit_character = WLS_stephen_owen_davies
recruit_character = WLS_lewis_jones
recruit_character = WLS_cliff_prothero
recruit_character = WLS_clement_davies
recruit_character = WLS_rhys_morris
recruit_character = WLS_lewis_valentine
recruit_character = WLS_saunders_lewis
recruit_character = WLS_ambrose_bebb
recruit_character = WLS_huw_robert_jones
recruit_character = WLS_unknown

### Advisors ###

recruit_character = WLS_huw_t_edwards
recruit_character = WLS_megan_lloyd_george
recruit_character = WLS_elizabeth_andrews
recruit_character = WLS_alf_davies
recruit_character = WLS_albert_clifford_williams
recruit_character = WLS_goronwy_owen
recruit_character = WLS_bertrand_russell
recruit_character = WLS_david_john_williams
recruit_character = WLS_kate_roberts
recruit_character = WLS_arthur_owens

### Commanders / Mil Advisors ###

recruit_character = WLS_hubert_william_lewis
recruit_character = WLS_tasker_watkins
recruit_character = WLS_lewis_wolton
recruit_character = WLS_arthur_dixon
recruit_character = WLS_henry_weale
recruit_character = WLS_frederick_w_higginson
recruit_character = WLS_john_wallace_linton
recruit_character = WLS_wra_army_council
